Senator Sanders,

I don't live in your state, so I hope it's ok to reach out.

I like what you're doing and how you're doing it - you're one of the few politicians I respect.

 In 2028, I'm turning 35 and running for president, I have no political experience.  I would love any advice you have to give. For example, I'm looking for a vice president - is it better to have someone who disagrees and challenges me to round out the ticket or to find someone with whom I can present a strong, united front? Ideally, I would like someone who has the experiences I'm missing and can help inform my decisions: I'm a rural, young, white man; the closest I've come to experiencing discrimination is laughably tame compared to just about any other group.

I plan to campaign on nuclear power, government reform, and housing. Since I checked that box above, I'll detail the plan I have in progress (feel free to take ownership if it suits you, otherwise I'll get it done in four years):

With some rounding:
The government spends $60b a year on housing assistance for 5.2 million household. The cost for me to build a 400 sqft building is $6,000 (plus labor and permits). Round both up: 650 sqft and $10,000. Building connected units saves some money, building multiple stories add cost - let's double the cost to be safe, $20,000 per apartment.

To build 5.2 million households would be $104 b in materials. The labor will come from trade school agreements and the military (we already train every trade and the National Guard can use the opportunity for training - bases rarely see projects that have meaningful training). Additional private sector labor is an option but adds cost and suffers quality - it's very important to have adequate inspections along the way (the amount of rubber stamping in the industry is shocking). Just to be safe, let's add another $5,000 per unit which brings us to $129 b. 

Now to pay for it, we can either take the money we're currently spending on housing, increase it temporarily and then that costs goes away or fund it using a more capitalistic approach. A special type of housing bond, that lasts 30 years. Every apartment will be mortgaged at 10% over a 30 year amortization: $25,000 would be $219.39 per month. To give a range: $10,000 would be $87.76 and $40,000 would be $$351.03 per month. At 10% interest, investors beat inflation and with low monthly payments, it's a very safe investment. 

Some restrictions:
1.  An individual cannot own a property already (raw land, a house, apartment, condo, etc.), 
2. If property is purchased the apartment must be sold (within reasonable time frame - 3 month?),
3.  The apartments cannot be rented (owner occupied only)
4. Private individuals can only sell to the government - this ensures that any repairs can be made and allows big government to control the economy another way if desired (a pro or con, depending on who you ask. Personally, I would like a detailed schedule so everyone knows what they're going to get and when).
5. Owner must be 18 or legally emancipated
6. No HOAs.
7. Owner is still responsible for utilities

Some guarantees:
 1. The apartment is owned by the individual (they can modify it any way that doesn't infringe on their neighbors, the same as any other home owner can)
2. The apartment can be inherited (assuming none of the restrictions except for age apply)
3. No income requirements (this one will be hard to sell)
5. VA loan eligibility is not affected
6. No time limit for how long you can live there
7. The government will buy it back for at least as much as was spent on the mortgage.

Some questions: 
1. Can the program be used multiple times by the same individual? 
A. Probably yes, we can all fall on hard times at any point in life

2. . Should veterans receive their first apartment for free or a steeply reduced price?
A. Yes, it's the least we can do for our veterans.

3. What kind of services should be "baked in" to the urban planning zone that these apartments are build in?
A. Biking distance to schools, stores, and hospitals would make these into "mini cities" and help slow urban sprawl, create local communities, and decrease the reliance on cars.

4. Should minorities affected by historic red-lining and other housing discrimination be given home for free or a reduced rate?
A. Yes, but good luck selling that..

Some selling points:
1. Less money spent on housing is more money flowing into the economy. 
2. This can be paid for mostly or entirely by bonds that beat inflation 
3. This will greatly reduce the need for federal housing assistance spending
4. This can replace or enhance down-payment assistance programs, more savings
5. Building 5.2 million units is functionally the same as building 5.85 million units, thus housing the ~650,000 homeless in America
5. Nearly 6 million housing units is a lot of opportunities for naming buildings - naming a building after someone can buy a lot of goodwill

Additional considerations:
1. Building some 1,100 sqft apartments for larger families
2. Energy efficient buildings (bonus points if the electricity and heating needs are me with nuclear power)
3. Zoning laws are not very conducive to such projects
4. There will probably be a lot "not in my back yard" and complaints of special treatment, but the $60 b saved each year could be  used to fund a lot of projects to make it up to the various constituents of the various states. Maybe even 6-10 nuclear power plants.
5. Nearly 6 million housing units is a lot of opportunities for naming buildings

If you have any questions or advice, please let me know. I look forward to hearing from you soon.